README.md, before:

# Style guideline for wep apps at CCV

1. [JavaScript](#javascript_react)
2. [ESLint](#eslint)

<a name="javascript_react"/></a>
## JavaScript - React
Generally, BCBI apps should use React, Redux, Sagas, and Bootstrap. This allows for greater interoperability of components and easier maintenance.

An app typically consists of a frontend and backend.  The repos should be named `<app>_frontend` and `<app>_api`

```
npm install bootstrap react-redux redux redux-saga
```

* For JSX style, follow [Airbnb guidelines](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/tree/master/react)
* Folder organization for a react-redux app is inspired on this [post](https://www.robinwieruch.de/tips-to-learn-react-redux/#folderOrganization). Depending on the leavel of complexity of your app, it may look something like

### For smaller projects:
This web app can be automatically scaffolded with BCBI-specific theming and standard packages using `web_app_small.sh`

```
src/
--assets/
----bcbi-main.svg
--components/
----messageItem.js
----messageList.js
--actions.js
--reducer.js
--sagas.js
--client.js (interface to server/API)
```

### For larger projects

```
src/
--/assets (images, static files, etc.)
--components/  (stateless)
----FeatureItem.js
----FeatureList.js
--containers/  (connected, name should reflect what it is connected to)
----MessageItem.js
----MessageList.js
----TopicList.js
--redux/ (contains master reducer, root saga, and features with actions and reducers)
----reducers.js
----sagas.js
----messages/
------actions.js
------actionTypes.js
------reducer.js
------saga.js
----topics/
------actions.js
------actionTypes.js
------reducer.js
--services/ (interfaces to servers/APIs)
----messages.js
----topics.js
tests/
```

<a name="eslint"/></a>
### ESLint installation (Atom)


Install linter-eslint through the atom package manager or the console.

```console
apm install linter-eslint
```
Install `eslint` and the relevant plugins to your local project (Airbnb eslint configurations).

```console
npm i --save-dev eslint
```

Follow npm instructions to install peer dependencies for eslint-config-airbnb. https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-config-airbnb

Create a `.eslintrc` configuration file.

```console
eslint init
```

Sample `.eslintrc` file (in JSON format) from Ligercat:

```json
{
  "env": {
    "browser": true,
    "commonjs": true,
    "es6": true
  },
  "extends": [
    "airbnb",
    "plugin:react/recommended",
    "eslint:recommended"
  ],
  "parserOptions": {
    "ecmaFeatures": {
      "experimentalObjectRestSpread": true,
      "jsx": true
    },
    "sourceType": "module"
  },
  "plugins": [
    "react"
  ],
  "rules": {
    "no-console": 0,
    "import/no-named-default": 0
  }
}
```

Each rule can be toggled on or off (off denoted by a 0). Refer to each plugin's documentation for info regarding values that the rule can take on.

Note from the npm installation instructions that `"extends": "airbnb"` must be included the `.eslintrc` to enforce airbnb code styles. In the case of Ligercat, some recommended rules from the react plugin and eslint were also 'extended'.

Commit message:

feat(starter): update starter script, remove bcbi related assets, update readme

README.md, after:

# Style guideline for wep apps at CCV

1. [JavaScript](#javascript_react)
2. [ESLint](#eslint)

<a name="javascript_react"/></a>
## JavaScript - React
Generally, CCV apps should use React, Redux, Sagas, and Bootstrap, and Brown's Custom Style. This allows for greater interoperability of components and easier maintenance.

An app typically consists of a frontend and backend.  The repos should be named `<app>-frontend` and `<app>-api`

```
npm install bootstrap react-redux redux redux-saga
```

* For JSX style, follow [Airbnb guidelines](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/tree/master/react)
* Folder organization for a react-redux app is inspired on this [post](https://www.robinwieruch.de/tips-to-learn-react-redux/#folderOrganization). Depending on the leavel of complexity of your app, it may look something like

### For smaller projects:
This web app can be automatically scaffolded with CCV-specific theming and standard packages using `web_app_small.sh`. This will clone the brown-ccv/react-app-starter and change the remote to match your app's repository.

```
src/
--assets/
----bcbi-main.svg
--components/
----messageItem.js
----messageList.js
--actions.js
--reducer.js
--sagas.js
--client.js (interface to server/API)
```

### For larger projects

```
src/
--/assets (images, static files, etc.)
--components/  (stateless)
----FeatureItem.js
----FeatureList.js
--containers/  (connected, name should reflect what it is connected to)
----MessageItem.js
----MessageList.js
----TopicList.js
--redux/ (contains master reducer, root saga, and features with actions and reducers)
----reducers.js
----sagas.js
----messages/
------actions.js
------actionTypes.js
------reducer.js
------saga.js
----topics/
------actions.js
------actionTypes.js
------reducer.js
--services/ (interfaces to servers/APIs)
----messages.js
----topics.js
tests/
```

<a name="eslint"/></a>
### ESLint installation (Atom)


Install linter-eslint through the atom package manager or the console.

```console
apm install linter-eslint
```
Install `eslint` and the relevant plugins to your local project (Airbnb eslint configurations).

```console
npm i --save-dev eslint
```

Follow npm instructions to install peer dependencies for eslint-config-airbnb. https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-config-airbnb

Create a `.eslintrc` configuration file.

```console
eslint init
```

Sample `.eslintrc` file (in JSON format) from Ligercat:

```json
{
  "env": {
    "browser": true,
    "commonjs": true,
    "es6": true
  },
  "extends": [
    "airbnb",
    "plugin:react/recommended",
    "eslint:recommended"
  ],
  "parserOptions": {
    "ecmaFeatures": {
      "experimentalObjectRestSpread": true,
      "jsx": true
    },
    "sourceType": "module"
  },
  "plugins": [
    "react"
  ],
  "rules": {
    "no-console": 0,
    "import/no-named-default": 0
  }
}
```

Each rule can be toggled on or off (off denoted by a 0). Refer to each plugin's documentation for info regarding values that the rule can take on.

Note from the npm installation instructions that `"extends": "airbnb"` must be included the `.eslintrc` to enforce airbnb code styles. In the case of Ligercat, some recommended rules from the react plugin and eslint were also 'extended'.
